Oh,
negative shit.
Oh yeah.
Well,
how long will we find that die?
Give out his Instagram and you were going to die in this.
You know what I did?
I just blocked him is like,
Oh man,
you're going to get knocked the fuck out.
You're going to do this.
I'm just like,
oh my God.
Like Bro,
really?
You literally took your dead time out of your day.
Let's sit here today.
Just knocked on his door and he saw your face.
Imagine,
Oh my God,
I wish we could do that.
And He,
and he gets you answers the door.
It's Ben [inaudible].
He looks like
just fucking belly out.
Like this is never traded day in his life is you think of the Robbie Lawler
fight with Ben.
Oh Man.
Like I mean,
come on.
They got to run that back by,
I was thinking when it was over that herb dean made a mistake,
but the more I watch it,
the more I think he didn't.
I think what happened was,
I think Robbie went out.
I think his arm dropped and I think when herb came over,
this is what Ben says too,
but he loosened up the choke a little bit and Robbie came back to it and Robbie
probably doesn't even know because Robbie's such a fucking savage.
She probably didn't even know he went out.
Yeah,
okay.
Yeah.
This is the argument and this is why it has to be ran back.
Yeah,
it's a good arguments.
You know,
this is the argument because first of all,
when when when Robbie ran that truck through Ben's face,
like he was out.
It's funny way of putting it.
He was out and welcome.
He recovered.
I mean he got hit with some fucking bombs,
but we're freaking wrestlers you,
the one thing about wrestlers at the elite level is you can be out of it,
but your body will naturally go through certain motions,
grab a leg,
pull up the names out.
Bobby was bombing on him.
Robbie ran a Mack truck through his face like that was under it,
like pull that fight up truck through his face.
Like,
I feel like Robbie knocked him out,
walk him up,
knock him out.
Like Robby was just savage mode and that's the one thing about Ra and knowing
that Robin now,
because I trained with him is Robbie such a different guy.
Like he's so nonchalant and well he,
you know,
he handled the loss was classy.
But that's Robbie man.
That's classy thing.
And the explanation,
this was the thing with the explanation is you can argue that fight should have
been stopped when Robbie was bombing on him.
You could argue that for sure.
But at the same time where Robbie explains it is Robbie has so much experience
and it was a bulldog.
It's like big brother choke.
So you know,
it could have not been doing anything but Robbie explained it as I put my hand
down because this wasn't doing shit.
Chill,
relax.
You know,
cause I don't want to panic.
Robbie has that much experience.
He should know what to do.
They maybe that's what he was doing good.
But the way he put his arm down,
it looked like it was out.
But then when rob,
when herb dean came to check on him her while he was given a thumbs thumbs up,
herb dean didn't really give him a chance to put the thumbs up and stops the
fight right and there.
But as far as,
oh I loosened the choke.
That's why he came to know the fucking lead on loosen the choke until this,
the ref pulls you off of him or you pop his head off.
He said he lightened up when herb came over because he thought that her was
going to stop the fight cause he felt Robbie go limp.
You don't lighten up because you think someone's going to stop a fight.
You don't,
you don't,
you don't lie.
You know because you think you squeeze harder because you want to make him stop
the fight.
I see a point and also there is a difference between squeezing someone out and
beaten on them when the is coming,
if the referee comes and you stop punching because guys out.
Yeah that's one.
That's one thing but you don't,
you have them in a bolt ear here in survival mode.
You can't like really?
You are in survival mode.
That's that time.
But boltok chokes are legit,
man.
I mean,
they really do work.
Yeah,
I'm not gonna.
I'm not gonna,
you know.
Listen,
I'm not going to say titch lost the title.
Yeah.
Lips.
I'm not going to suit and caught him in a bulldog choke.
Remember that?
Yeah.
I'm not going to say that.
Don't work.
I'm not going to do you know,
he could have been out.
He could have Naaman out,
but the only way to to put that alter rez is to run it back.
But what,
what kind of sucks is when you're like,
no,
I pass.
I,
I mean I,
my pass.
What?
Do what?
Come on Bro.
Relax.
He said he didn't want to fight them in the first place.
Well,
no,
Shit.
Yeah,
we'll Robbie looks sensational.
Robbie looks like a fucking Saturday.
We're going to watch it right now.
Here we go.
We're going to watch this shit.
Ben,
look at the body on
you laughing.
[inaudible]
study.
That's the ideal combat sports body like it did,
but it is amazing that he's able to get ahold of Robbie.
I was stunned.
No,
I knew he was going to get a hold of rob and I talk,
but right away this sat out was crazy.
Boom.
Not eat that.
Eat that.
These are big shots.
Ah,
go to sleep.
Go to sleep,
I'm out.
Oh to see you still there ma'am?
No evidence that he's out.
Nobody has no,
no,
I don't think so.
I think he's eating the shot and then he's got the clinch.
I don't think he was ever out.
No,
they,
there were certain moments he was,
he was,
well,
he definitely ate some big shots,
but I don't think there's any evidence at all that indicates to me that he was
out.
This is the thing,
like,
ban is tough as shit though.
Like I give credit where credit was gay as tough as hell.
Man.
He's tough as hell.
And right now he's just drunk driving right now.
He's drunk driving.
He's a truck drive.
These are way to put it,
bro.
He's just driving right.
I look at this drunk driving but now Ravi books free.
See I forget the actual strip scramble that led to the bulldog choke.
Yeah.
It happens from when Robbie tries to get up cause he does get the take down.
Oh look he's drunk driving.
Oh my God man.
A lot of blood.
You caught them on the nasty lefthand there.
Yeah,
like ramen just looking for looking for a bomb and Ben is just moving forward
like a Zombie.
He still grabs a hold of them.
It's interesting.
Interesting that he was able to grab a hold of him because I would've thought
that Robert would have avoided that shit at all costs.
But that's why he's able to grab a hold of someone when someone is so you know,
worried about you grabbing them and then they,
it's kind of shuts them down in a little bit.
It needs the body there by Robbie.
Yeah.
I think you did in the tire and fight those fucking body shots.
Good Lord.
I was trying to take that home.
You hit him with so many right.
Hands to the body.
So here we see Ben clench.
Yeah,
he's doing a good job here.
He's trying to,
he's trying to come to it.
you know,
recover,
doing a good job,
keeping the close.
Now you can't get really get hit with big shots,
you know?
And he does get the take down at some point.
Yeah.
I do not remember how it happened or what was it?
Here it is.
He reaches down.
So he's got them in the clinch here.
He's got the under hook and the left side
and so some,
okay.
Grabs the leg.
I do.
Is this interesting?
I don't remember this.
All I remember is the open exchange and then the final exchange.
Yeah,
two,
two on one.
Right now he's trying to go to on one.
Yes.
Good job.
So he's got the single single Robbie doing a good job.
Now he's going to dance class together.
It's amazing to me how good of a wrestle here is.
I'm going to be honest with you that,
but it's just funky because it's like not really muscles there.
Yeah.
It's just like Gumby,
but you know,
it's not going anywhere,
but it's tricky.
Yeah.
Very tricky.
Yeah,
very,
very sneaky.
Very tricky.
Them down and now Robbie's on his back is since,
yeah,
sort of inside control.
Okay,
so now he's got an arm.
Yeah.
Typical Robbie [inaudible].
Robbie's just chilling.
Boom.
Circles.
Owl.
He's got the headlock.
Okay,
now he's got the headlock and now watch that.
Right.
See this position,
this position.
She Robbie puts it down.
Yeah,
it's moving.
Yeah.
Nope.
Yep.
See changed my mind again.
Yeah,
like see that's,
that's what's tricky about that since that's what's tricky about that.
I changed my mind again.
I don't think he was out.
No.
See,
because you first get up to just to the arm going limp because the thing about
the arm going limp is the way it went.
Limp looked.
It really looked like he was out.
Okay.
But this is,
this is what I'm saying right here is initially in the situation.
Wait,
wait till he turns.
Wait till he turns when,
right.
Right.
Wait to pull his arms out.
Boom.
Right here.
See,
this is uncomfortable.
This is very uncomfortable.
Yeah.
You're spread out here and the guy's choking on your neck.
You got to bring one down to relieve pressure I that one down or take this one
inside.
Yeah,
he was.
So Robbie did the approach right thing or the arm fell down whether he was out.
So man,
it's a tough goal man.
One more time.
Let me see that arm drops his back it up just a little bit here.
See the way it drops,
he'd like nobody moves.
It moves it immediately.
It means yet.
But it's so hard to know.
Yeah.
He might've just been dealing with the choke.
Yep.
Nope.
And that changed my mind.
And it's a typical Robbie man cause Bobby says,
Robby says,
man,
yeah experience.
He said,
man,
I knew that that was uncomfortable.
So I just put my arm down,
chill in.
Yeah,
that's,
and that's it now.
Now I'm on your side.
Fuck Bro.
Like this is the wrong,
there's only one.
You have to run that back.
I would say,
I would say so,
but the,
how much can the UFC tell him what to do?
Like what could the UFC,
he said to Ben Aspirin,
listen,
this fight has to happen again.
That's like,
that's the sport we're in.
UFC,
the judge,
the jury,
and if they want the execution,
what did Ben,
what did,
uh,
Dana white say after the fight?
He said he wanted Ben to fight him again,
right?
Yeah.
Dana said,
we're gonna run that back.
And Ben is like,
not pass,
man.
I don't know.